It's time to ditch Google Analytics  Google Analytics is frustrating to use, difficult to understand, slow to load and privacy-invasive. That's why we built Plausible Analytics, a simple, privacy-first alternative that doesn't cut corners.   Here's what makes Plausible a great Google Analytics alternative and why over 19,000 paying customers trust us with their website and business insights:  Simple analytics at a glance  Plausible is simple analytics. It is easy to understand and cuts through the noise. Check your site traffic and get the essential insights on one page in one minute. Get an aggregated view of all your sites in a consolidated dashboard. There are no layers of menus and no need to build custom reports, custom dashboards or PowerPoint documents. You can even import your Google Analytics stats.  Lightweight script that keeps your site speed fast  Plausible is lightweight analytics. Our script is 54 times smaller than Google Analytics. Every visitor that loads your site downloads 135KB less JavaScript. Less data transferred means less energy used and less carbon emitted, for every visitor, every day. A site with 100,000 monthly visitors saves around 4 kg of CO2 per year by switching.  No need for cookie banners or GDPR consent  Plausible is privacy-friendly analytics that doesn't process personal data or track individual users. No cookies, no persistent identifiers, no cross-site or cross-device tracking. Your site data is not used for any other purposes. All visitor data is exclusively processed on servers owned and operated by European companies and never leaves the EU.   We invite you to take a look around, explore our live demo and try Plausible for free. We'd be honored to have you as a customer. Thank you.   Uku and Marko Co-founders   P.S. We're a completely independent, self-funded, bootstrapped and profitable team of 10, running since 2018. No outside investors, no acquisition targets. We choose the subscription business model rather than surveillance capitalism. Our code is open source too, so you're never locked in. Read more about us.