What is PostgreSQL?
PostgreSQL is a powerful, open source object-relational database system that uses and extends the SQL language combined with many features that safely store and scale the most complicated data workloads.  The origins of PostgreSQL date back to 1986 as part of the POSTGRES project at the University of California at Berkeley and has nearly 40 years of active development on the core platform.
PostgreSQL has earned a strong reputation for its proven architecture, reliability, data integrity, robust feature set, extensibility, and the dedication of the open source community behind the software to consistently deliver performant and innovative solutions.  PostgreSQL runs on all major operating systems, has been ACID-compliant since 2001, and has powerful add-ons such as the popular PostGIS geospatial database extender. It is no surprise that PostgreSQL has become the open source relational database of choice for many people and organisations.
Getting started with using PostgreSQL has never been easier - pick a project you want to build, and let PostgreSQL safely and robustly store your data.

Why use PostgreSQL?

  PostgreSQL comes with many features aimed to help developers build applications, administrators to protect data integrity and build fault-tolerant environments, and help you manage your data no matter how big or small the dataset.  In addition to being free and open source, PostgreSQL is highly extensible. For example, you can define your own data types, build out custom functions, even write code from different programming languages without recompiling your database!

PostgreSQL tries to conform with the SQL standard where such conformance does not contradict traditional features or could lead to poor architectural decisions. Many of the features required by the SQL standard are supported, though sometimes with slightly differing syntax or function. Further moves towards conformance can be expected over time. As of the version 18 release in September 2025, PostgreSQL conforms to at least 170 of the 177 mandatory features for SQL:2023 Core conformance. As of this writing, no relational database meets full conformance with this standard.

Below is an inexhaustive list of various features found in PostgreSQL, with more being added in every major release:


  
    Data Types
    
      Primitives: Integer, Numeric, String, Boolean
      Structured: Date/Time, Array, Range / Multirange, UUID
      Document: JSON/JSONB, XML, Key-value (Hstore)
      Geometry: Point, Line, Circle, Polygon
      Customizations: Composite, Custom Types
    
  
  
    Data Integrity
    
      UNIQUE, NOT NULL
      Primary Keys
      Foreign Keys
      Exclusion Constraints
      Explicit Locks, Advisory Locks
    
  
  
    Concurrency, Performance
    
      Indexing: B-tree, Multicolumn, Expressions, Partial
      Advanced Indexing: GiST, SP-Gist, KNN Gist, GIN, BRIN, Covering indexes, Bloom filters
      Sophisticated query planner / optimizer, index-only scans, multicolumn statistics
      Transactions, Nested Transactions (via savepoints)
      Multi-Version concurrency Control (MVCC)
      Parallelization of read queries and building B-tree indexes
      Table partitioning
      All transaction isolation levels defined in the SQL standard, including Serializable
      Just-in-time (JIT) compilation of expressions
      Asynchronous I/O (AIO)
    
  
  
    Reliability, Disaster Recovery
    
      Write-ahead Logging (WAL)
      Replication: Asynchronous, Synchronous, Logical
      Point-in-time-recovery (PITR), active standbys
      Tablespaces
    
  
  
    Security
    
      Authentication: GSSAPI, SSPI, LDAP, SCRAM-SHA-256, Certificate, OAuth 2.0, and more
      Robust access-control system
      Column and row-level security
      Multi-factor authentication with certificates and an additional method
    
  
  
    Extensibility
    
      Stored functions and procedures
      Procedural Languages: PL/pgSQL, Perl, Python, and Tcl. There are other languages available through extensions, e.g. Java, JavaScript (V8), R, Lua, and Rust
      SQL/JSON constructors, query functions, path expressions, and JSON_TABLE
      Foreign data wrappers: connect to other databases or streams with a standard SQL interface
      Customizable storage interface for tables
      Many extensions that provide additional functionality, including PostGIS
    
  
  
    Internationalisation, Text Search
    
      Support for international character sets, e.g. through ICU collations
      Case-insensitive and accent-insensitive collations
      Full-text search
    
  

There are many more features that you can discover in the PostgreSQL documentation.  Additionally, PostgreSQL is highly extensible: many features, such as indexes, have defined APIs so that you can build out with PostgreSQL to solve your challenges.
PostgreSQL has been proven to be highly scalable both in the sheer quantity of data it can manage and in the number of concurrent users it can accommodate. There are active PostgreSQL clusters in production environments that manage many terabytes of data, and specialized systems that manage petabytes.

Any questions?

  The first place to go to for any questions on PostgreSQL is its world-renowned documentation, which discusses how to use PostgreSQL in-depth.


  We also have many mailing lists where you can connect and participate in the community. There are also many events and local user groups where you can connect with other PostgreSQL users.


Our users  us


			
			
				
				
				
			
			
			
        
          
            We process over 18,000 queries per second on over 300GB of user data on our PostgreSQL servers, and those numbers go up every month.
            Gavin Roy, CTO, MyYearbook.com
          
        
          
            PostgreSQL has the feature set of an enterprise level DBMS and should be strongly considered when researching both open source and commercial database servers.
            Lindsay Snider, Founding Partner, BitLeap LLC
          
        
          
            "Our systems are deployed in high-availability environments and the combination of PostgreSQL on Linux has enabled us to deploy and support systems without any need for a large support team."
            Tim Allen, Senior Software Developer, Proximity Group
          
        
          
            ... our customers are typically homeless shelters and food banks that don't have thousands of dollars per-core to throw away, so we switched to PostgreSQL.
            Jonathon Sisson, Database Administrator, Bowman Systems LLC
          
        
          
            Zalando relies on the stability and performance of hundreds of PostgreSQL database servers to continuously serve millions of customers all around Europe.
            Valentine Gogichashvili, Zalando Technologies
          
        
			
			
			

What's a database project without statistics?

  
    
      35+ Years Development
    
    
      725+ Contributors
    
    
      61,000+ Commits
    
    
      70+ Local User Groups
    
  
  
    
      1,780,000+ Lines of C
    
    
      720+ Events
    
    
      Millions of Happy Users
    
    
      ∞ Data Stored