Run your core operations with confidence using ready-to-run enterprise resource planning capabilities in the cloud.



What is enterprise resource planning?SAP Cloud ERP is an enterprise management solution that delivers real-time insights, embedded AI, and scalable performance across finance, supply chain, and procurement.
Run with industry best practices by applying preconfigured processes that are ready to go.Build your own breakthroughs by reshaping business models and redefining work on the fly.Grow without limits by adding customers, markets, and products without adding complexity.Go live with confidence by using proven guidance to deliver speed and agility.Embedded AITransform your operations with embedded AI in cloud ERP—automating tasks, predicting outcomes, and guiding smarter decisions across finance, supply chain, and more.Turn data into decisionsGain real-time visibility with integrated data and analytics in your cloud ERP,  to uncover insights, optimize performance, and make confident business decisions.The full potential of cloud ERPExtend your cloud ERP with AI, automation, and integration—empowering you to innovate faster and adapt to changing business needs.
Find the ERP solution that’s right for your businessSAP GROW for midsize and large companiesScale your business with AI cloud ERP across finance, supply chain, and HR.SAP Business One for small businessesManage your entire company with a single afforable ERP solution.RISE with SAP for existing on-premises customersMove towards an Autonomous Enterprise with a faster, more predictable transformation.

Customer wins with SAP Cloud ERPSupporting employees, communities, and energy needsExplore how SAP Cloud ERP enables RES Corporation to improve agility, innovation, and employee engagement.Gaining efficiency, insights, and agilitySAP Cloud ERP helped Pitney Bowes simplify operations and access deep insights to effectively innovate and scale for growth.Building harmonized, connected, and efficient operationsRead how Brussels Airport Company worked with SAP to develop an integrated IT landscape.Innovating with a more agile, future-ready approachHitachi replaced its highly customized multinational business landscape by investing in a two-tier cloud model.
Explore our latest cloud ERP innovationsWith the newest innovations of SAP Cloud ERP, your entire business can take advantage of the latest user experiences, built-in intelligence, and core ERP capabilities.What’s new in SAP Cloud ERPLearn how the latest version of our cloud ERP solution can help your business run more efficiently and effectively.
Read the blog post

Smarter ERP innovations with AI
Discover the newest AI-powered enhancements designed to automate workflows, deliver real-time insights, and elevate productivity.
Watch the video



See what analysts are saying about SAP Cloud ERPSAP Cloud ERP named a LeaderExplore why Gartner® named SAP Cloud ERP as a Leader in its Magic Quadrant™ reports for Cloud ERP.
Featured resourcesExtend Cloud ERP. Maximize business value.Discover SAP and partner extensions that accelerate reporting, optimize operations, enhance compliance, and unlock new value across finance, products, logistics, services, and billing.To get future-ready, go suite-firstDisconnected applications create inefficiency, slow down
decision-making, and put businesses at risk. Learn why businesses work better when they bring core applications, data, and AI together.

Frequently asked questionsSAP enterprise resource planning (ERP) is a software system that helps organizations streamline their core business processes, including finance, HR, manufacturing, supply chain, sales, and procurement—with a unified view and a single source of truth. SAP ERP software includes generative AI and AI agents. It helps businesses transform operations and stay competitive by automating tasks, anticipating outcomes, and improving decision-making.Industries such as manufacturers, retailers, services, utilities, and customer goods and wholesalers use SAP ERP software, but the software’s accurate, real-time information and effective business processes can benefit businesses in every industry.The difference between SAP GROW and RISE with SAP is that SAP GROW is generally for customers  who are new to SAP Cloud ERP, offering standardized processes with built-in AI across finance, supply chain, and HR. RISE with SAP, on the other hand, supports existing SAP ERP customers in transitioning from on-premises systems, enabling a more, modern tailored transformation with Business Suite.SAP S/4HANA is a type of SAP ERP software. It differs from typical ERP software in that it processes large amounts of data to process vast amounts of data to support advanced technologies, such as Al and machine learning.Business One is an affordable ERP solution designed for small businesses, covering accounting, purchasing, inventory, sales, and reporting. SAP GROW, on the other hand, provides access to SAP Cloud ERP with standardized, AI-enabled processes across finance, supply chain, and HR to support sustainable growth. Available at a predictable cost through simplified packages with fixed scope and without surprise upgrades or hidden costs. Learn more about SAP GROW.Yes, ERP systems can easily integrate with other business applications using SAP Business Technology Platform (BTP) and SAP Integration Suite. BTP brings together application development, data and analytics, integration, and AI into one platform. Integration Suite allows you to integrate your business across SAP ERP and third-party landscapes with a modern, scalable, and secure integration platform as a service (iPaaS). It supports integration using one comprehensive, market-leading iPaaS with open connectivity, pre-built accelerators, and embedded AI.You can implement SAP S/4HANA and get to go-live in weeks with SAP Activate—a cloud adoption framework that offers solution-specific best practices, expert guidance, and a structured approach to streamline transformation.SAP Cloud ERP applications are the most suitable SAP ERP solutions for midsize companies because they integrate AI into your core business processes so you can easily increase speed, reduce risk, and scale.